it is me Jefferson from pics olive juice
com coming at you with another episode
of kicks on deck and today we got
another package from sham sports and
they were these adidas ZX flux that I
got on foot right now and so before I
get into it let me go ahead warp outside
and show you guys how they look offi
alright so this is how do you look on
feet from the top down I really don't
man i got my deduction on saying you
need a dope some some shorts on you know
nike shorts and adidas shoes yeah yeah
yeah get over it but anyway so these are
really clean is how you look like from
the side I think the back is dope too
hella sick and the bottoms pretty ill
alright so let me go ahead and take
shoes off once again I want to give a
big shout-out to champs sports for bring
these over to me so without further ado
let's go ahead and get into it um the
bottom the bottom bottom just like I
said I've received these last night I
should got these in yesterday and I wore
them today and they are very comfortable
a lot more comfortable than I thought
they would be so the bottom we have some
pods right there you got the front
rubber and also in the heel which are a
little bit more dense so because you
know those are the highway areas then
you got this torsion it says it's like a
little plate right there so it's torsion
which is just adds a little bit more
stability in the shoe a little bit more
rigidness through the mid foot plate
then you got this you got two kinds of
foams on the midsole you actually got a
a denser material foam right here which
obviously has to be a little bit more
harder
and then the midsole is just I mean EBA
or it could be a uva or just a phylon
midsole not quite sure but yeah there it
is mmm now the upper is a really nice
synthetic um feels like a track jacket
almost y'all feel that all right uppers
really really dope man you get a really
tells inside very very comfortable on
the Flex is along with your feet it's a
very similar to the roshe run and you
see the three you got the UH according
to djs com it's the welded the adidas
stripes of welded three stripes right
there branding on the lateral and medial
side have you also got this heel cup
heel counter right here it has an
internal and external heel counter which
i think is very cool um it looks very
very stylish now on the tongue you have
the djs branding right there and you got
the laces which are normal and then you
got this little uh finish off right here
this little plastic little thing says
adidas torsion torsion torsion torsion
whatever can not even know how to say it
and yeah so the upper print is though I
think it goes really really well with a
lot of stuff um and so you know just a
right of standard and so I dude is the
band with three stripes and the insole
is not even thick
everything all right so that's gonna do
it for this episode of kicks on deck the
adidas ZX flux really door the shoe the
midsole has a lot of details on an email
from the back from this little gap right
here with a foam to the mid-foot to the
bottoms really really nice man so open
they're very comfortable slip them on
and you're good to go yeah so yeah man
so again thank you guys for watching
stay tuned for another video real soon
and yeah man so hit up hit us up on
kickstarter.com subscribe to this
channel or instagram and also follow us
on twitter and you also can follow me ah
jefferson with three hours with that bat
for all my handles on Twitter Instagram
and Facebook and all that stuff so so
next time thank you guys for watching
you